he told them to 6 o'clock right you
should have told him for because then it
would have been your own summer well
your Christmas spirit that come on
there's nothing like the holidays he's
got a name home she did always like am
articulate to make you want to come home
that's what that thing my ladies who
must been tallied breath mind just
passed the plate over here not you at
farm to
had nothing like your relatives what are
you doing in your mother's house bad
girl to make you wish where you've all
out what I'm good about myself Thanks
I wanna go too yeah now he's gotta find
the right way in a time to tell her
that's all
they don't forget it well I'll be damned
it's impossible for that boy to be
honest with you honest about what
where's la is Li warm he's in jail I
came home because I promised sandy who's
sandy
do I know that's your daughter-in-law
this is not funny you know it's not but
I'm gonna keep drinking until the days
[Music]
when I'm talking to you y'all want me to
make something no Merry Christmas
what is it baby that you can't exactly
tell me
[Music]
no place you were pretty naughty last
night but Santa can't say wasn't you
Stan
technically yes Oh like family I've
never seen it as happy she's loving that
everybody's here now did every Christmas
is as wonderful as this Christmas this
Christmas
[Music]